src/TODO.md, before:

# Shared

- add component-less route (guard) for progress/login
  - on the route:
  `canActivateChild: [ProgressGuard],
  children: [...`
  - how the guard decides:
  
  `canActivateChild(route: ActivatedRouteSnapshot): boolean {
  const free = ['match-words'];
  if (free.includes(route.routeConfig?.path)) return true;
  return this.hasUnlocked(route.routeConfig?.path); // your logic
}`
- extract components
- extract css/ animations/ etc

# Match Words

## Gameplay

- limit the number of active tiles > when done with them move to next ones
  - ? 6 cards at a time
  - ? 3 stages
    - display x out of 3 so they know the state
- Add more Animals
- Add more categories - colors, food, numbers
- Add Reset button
- Manage the progress of the current game - how many correct, how many wrong matches
  - give some sort of feedback—stars? x out of y?
- ? a floating helper that says (once?) what you have to do in the game

## Display

- Center the image around the object so no parts are cut off

- transition between the different stages
  - finish existing cards and go to the next batch
- turn completed words

# Match Sounds

## Gameplay

### Plan

Press to hear a sound. Choose the correct word that the sound made.

## Display

Commit message:

Starting extraction of word list service to injectable
Updated karma configuration to allow testing

Fixed Existing Tests

Done vocab Service

Updating tests before adding functionality

green-> refactor

Adding shuffled items and stage item signals

Begin extraction of logic into the logic service
Before testing logic

moving subscription into the component

Moved subscription to match-words-game.component.ts from match-words.service.ts
Updated html to use ng-container

Moved todo's
Before stage functionality

Green > refactor

green

green, begin cleanup and refactor

Cleanup test

Before service break up

Before service break up
Added current stage display in component

Added more tests before try match refactor

Added mobile responsiveness to the match word game html

Refactor match-words.service.ts to add return types for better type safety
Begin trymatch break apart

Add test for correct match detection in match-words.service

Begin refactor

Add MatchResult interface and refactor match attempt logic in match-words.service

src/TODO.md, after:

# Shared

- **MVP Logging Interceptor Plan**
  - Create `logging.interceptor.ts` in `src/app/shared/interceptors/`
  - Implement `HttpInterceptor` to:
    - Log HTTP requests and responses
    - Log errors
    - Log debug messages (use a LoggingService)
  - Use Angular `environment` to enable console logging only in development
  - Register the interceptor in `AppModule` providers
- **Centralize message component and service for all messages**
  - perhaps toast messages
    — Add a README file inside the match-words-game directory to document the purpose of the module and its key components, especially useful for onboarding new developers.
  - perhaps angular material: https://material.angular.dev/components/snack-bar/overview

- add a component-less route (guard) for progress/login
  - on the route:
    `canActivateChild: [ProgressGuard],
    children: [...`
  - how the guard decides:

  `canActivateChild(route: ActivatedRouteSnapshot): boolean {
  const free = ['match-words'];
  if (free.includes(route.routeConfig?.path)) return true;
  return this.hasUnlocked(route.routeConfig?.path); // your logic
}`
- extract components
- extract css/ animations/ etc

# Match Words

## General
- Move to a single page without surrounding games

## Gameplay

- limit the number of active tiles > when done with them move to next ones
  - ? 6 cards at a time
  - ? 3 stages
    - display x out of 3 so they know the state
- Add more Animals
- Add more categories - colors, food, numbers
- Add Reset button
- Manage the progress of the current game - how many correct, how many wrong matches
  - give some sort of feedback—stars? x out of y?
- ? a floating helper that says (once?) what you have to do in the game

## Display

- on mobile view, more stages? so the user doesn't have to scroll down?
- transition between the different stages
  - finish existing cards and go to the next batch
- turn completed word cards?

# Match Sounds

## Gameplay

### Plan

Press to hear a sound. Choose the correct word that the sound made.

## Display
